chore: update CI/CD workflow docs (#1536)
backstage/community-plugins: .github/workflows/README.md

Used to keep the Project Board in https://github.com/backstage/backstage/ in sync with PRs from this repo. 

## [renovate.yml](./renovate.yml)

Runs Renovate on a scheduled basis or manually.

## [version-bump.yml](./version-bump.yml)

Handles version bumping for specific workspaces. It creates a new branch for the version bump, updates the necessary files, commits the changes, and creates a pull request to merge the updates into the main branch.

> ## [automate_staleness.yml](https://github.com/04kash/community-plugins/blob/fix-broken-links/.github/workflows/automate-staleness.yml)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [automate-staleness.yml](./automate-staleness.yml)
```

> This workflow marks issues that have been inactive for 60 days as stale, and if no further activity occurs, it will close them 7 days later. For pull requests (PRs), it marks them as stale after 14 days of inactivity, with a similar 7-day closure period if no activity is detected. This process is executed as a cron job that runs every 6 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow marks issues and pull requests (PRs) as stale after a period of inactivity. If no further activity occurs, they will be closed after an additional period. The process is executed regularly as a cron job.
```
